test_sparse: Thu Dec 11 03:28:45 PST 2014: started on multi_v7_defconfig test_next-20141211 (291ca61d8929038786a1bce15c5763598bb403e2)
test_sparse: Thu Dec 11 03:28:45 PST 2014: serial is 20141211031535
test_sparse: sparse version unknown (checksum d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e)
<stdin>:1250:2: warning: #warning syscall execveat not implemented [-Wcpp]
init/do_mounts.c:8:2: warning: "Sparse checking disabled for this file"
init/do_mounts_initrd.c:8:2: warning: "Sparse checking disabled for this file"
init/initramfs.c:8:2: warning: "Sparse checking disabled for this file"
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
arch/arm/mm/init.c:550:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:553:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:557:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:559:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:560:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:562:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:570:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:573:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:577:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:580:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:581:1: error: directive in argument list
arch/arm/mm/init.c:583:1: error: directive in argument list
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
arch/arm/mach-tegra/reset.c:71:9: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
arch/arm/mach-tegra/reset.c:74:25: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
ipc/msgutil.c:57:16: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
ipc/msgutil.c:69:24: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
ipc/msgutil.c:97:16: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
ipc/msgutil.c:104:24: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
ipc/msgutil.c:158:16: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
ipc/msgutil.c:165:24: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
mm/page_alloc.c:5592:1: error: directive in argument list
mm/page_alloc.c:5594:1: error: directive in argument list
mm/page_alloc.c:5601:1: error: directive in argument list
mm/page_alloc.c:5603:1: error: directive in argument list
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
kernel/panic.c:71:6: error: symbol 'panic' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/kernel.h:243) - different modifiers
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
kernel/exit.c:652:6: error: symbol 'do_exit' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/kernel.h:249) - different modifiers
kernel/exit.c:833:6: error: symbol 'complete_and_exit' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/kernel.h:251) - different modifiers
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
arch/arm/mach-omap2/cclock3xxx_data.c:262:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
arch/arm/mach-omap2/cclock3xxx_data.c:262:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘dpll1_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
arch/arm/mach-omap2/cclock3xxx_data.c:375:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
arch/arm/mach-omap2/cclock3xxx_data.c:375:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘dpll4_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
fs/libfs.c:846:16: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
kernel/bpf/core.c:430:43: error: arithmetics on pointers to functions
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
block/genhd.c:1405:10: error: bad integer constant expression
block/genhd.c:1406:10: error: bad integer constant expression
block/genhd.c:1410:10: error: bad integer constant expression
block/genhd.c:1411:10: error: bad integer constant expression
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
fs/debugfs/file.c:473:20: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
lib/bcd.c:4:10: error: symbol '_bcd2bin' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/bcd.h:19) - different modifiers
lib/bcd.c:10:15: error: symbol '_bin2bcd' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/bcd.h:20) - different modifiers
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
lib/gcd.c:6:15: error: symbol 'gcd' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/gcd.h:6) - different modifiers
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
lib/lcm.c:7:15: error: symbol 'lcm' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/lcm.h:6) - different modifiers
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
sound/soc/soc-core.c:232:20: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
lib/kstrtox.c:338:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:339:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:340:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:341:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:342:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:343:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:344:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:345:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:346:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
lib/kstrtox.c:347:1: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
kernel/sched/fair.c:4055:35: error: marked inline, but without a definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
net/core/sysctl_net_core.c:157:23: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/trace/events/net.h:170:1: error: directive in argument list
include/trace/events/net.h:172:1: error: directive in argument list
include/trace/events/net.h:174:1: error: directive in argument list
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/char/random.c:1420:25: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
net/core/filter.c:253:33: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
net/core/filter.c:256:33: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
net/core/filter.c:259:33: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
net/core/filter.c:262:33: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
net/core/filter.c:265:33: error: subtraction of functions? Share your drugs
net/core/filter.c:688:30: error: cannot size expression
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
net/core/dev_ioctl.c:149:32: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
net/core/dev_ioctl.c:270:24: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
kernel/module.c:210:6: error: symbol '__module_put_and_exit' redeclared with different type (originally declared at include/linux/module.h:442) - different modifiers
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
lib/vsprintf.c:697:38: error: cannot size expression
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/clocksource/timer-marco.c: In function ‘sirfsoc_marco_timer_init’:
drivers/clocksource/timer-marco.c:260:6: warning: unused variable ‘timer_div’ [-Wunused-variable]
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
net/rfkill/core.c:1149:17: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:38:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:38:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘dpll_m4xen_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:61:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:61:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘dpll_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:72:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:72:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘dpll_no_gate_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:111:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:111:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘omap3_dpll_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:123:2: warning: initialization from incompatible pointer type [enabled by default]
drivers/clk/ti/dpll.c:123:2: warning: (near initialization for ‘omap3_dpll_per_ck_ops.determine_rate’) [enabled by default]
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/gpio/gpiolib.c:1319:17: error: cannot size expression
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-sp810.c:159:29: error: incompatible types for operation (<=)
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-sp810.c:159:29:    left side has type char const *<noident>
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-sp810.c:159:29:    right side has type int
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-sp810.c:159:53: error: incompatible types for operation (<=)
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-sp810.c:159:53:    left side has type char const *<noident>
drivers/clk/versatile/clk-sp810.c:159:53:    right side has type int
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_vm.c:497:51: error: undefined identifier '_PAGE_RW'
drivers/gpu/drm/drm_vm.c:581:51: error: undefined identifier '_PAGE_RW'
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:576:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:577:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:578:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:579:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:580:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:581:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:582:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:583:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:584:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:585:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:586:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:590:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:591:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:592:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:593:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:594:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:595:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:596:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:597:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:598:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:599:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:600:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:601:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:605:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:606:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:607:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:608:18: error: bad integer constant expression
fs/proc/task_mmu.c:1300:23: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/gpu/drm/ati_pcigart.c:194:9: error: undefined identifier 'wbinvd'
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/input/joydev.c:444:15: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
drivers/input/joydev.c:480:15: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
fs/ntfs/super.c:3100:1: error: directive in argument list
fs/ntfs/super.c:3102:1: error: directive in argument list
fs/ntfs/super.c:3104:1: error: directive in argument list
fs/ntfs/super.c:3105:1: error: directive in argument list
fs/ntfs/super.c:3107:1: error: directive in argument list
fs/ntfs/super.c:3108:1: error: directive in argument list
fs/ntfs/super.c:3110:1: error: directive in argument list
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/input/keyboard/cros_ec_keyb.c:321:46: error: cannot size expression
drivers/input/keyboard/cros_ec_keyb.c:323:55: error: cannot size expression
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/input/keyboard/gpio_keys.c: In function ‘gpio_keys_probe’:
drivers/input/keyboard/gpio_keys.c:625:16: warning: ‘button’ may be used uninitialized in this function [-Wmaybe-uninitialized]
drivers/input/keyboard/gpio_keys.c:595:27: note: ‘button’ was declared here
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
/home/pwalmsley/test_build/build/toolchains/gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.7-2013.04-20130415_linux/bin/../lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/4.7.3/include/stddef.h:414:9: warning: preprocessor token offsetof redefined
include/linux/stddef.h:17:9: this was the original definition
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:232:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:252:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:257:17: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:274:17: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:297:17: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:357:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:428:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:441:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:441:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:477:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:496:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:582:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:597:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:607:9: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:811:25: error: cannot size expression
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-ioctl.c:846:9: error: cannot size expression
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:34:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:35:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:36:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:37:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:38:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:39:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:40:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:41:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:42:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:43:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:44:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:45:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:46:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:47:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:48:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:49:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:50:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:51:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:52:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:53:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:54:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:55:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:56:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:57:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:58:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:59:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:60:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:61:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:62:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:63:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:64:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:65:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:66:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:67:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:68:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:69:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:70:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:71:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:72:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:73:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:74:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:75:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:76:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:77:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:78:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:79:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:80:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:81:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:82:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:83:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:84:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:85:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:86:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:87:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:88:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:89:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:90:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:91:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:92:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:93:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:94:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:95:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:96:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:97:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:98:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:99:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:100:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:101:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:102:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:103:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:104:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:105:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:106:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:107:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:108:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:109:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:110:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:111:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:112:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:113:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:114:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:115:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:116:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:117:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:118:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:119:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:120:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:121:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:122:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:123:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:124:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:125:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:126:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:127:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:128:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:129:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:130:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:131:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:132:9: error: unknown field name in initializer
drivers/media/v4l2-core/v4l2-dv-timings.c:133:9: error: too many errors
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/mfd/ab8500-debugfs.c:2742:20: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
drivers/pinctrl/pinconf.c:497:20: error: incompatible types in comparison expression (different type sizes)
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
init/do_mounts.c:8:2: warning: "Sparse checking disabled for this file"
init/do_mounts_initrd.c:8:2: warning: "Sparse checking disabled for this file"
init/initramfs.c:8:2: warning: "Sparse checking disabled for this file"
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: Expected ; at end of declaration
include/linux/compiler.h:192:1: error: got __compiletime_warning
test_sparse: Thu Dec 11 03:31:55 PST 2014: succeeded on multi_v7_defconfig test_next-20141211
test_sparse: Thu Dec 11 03:31:55 PST 2014: ended on multi_v7_defconfig test_next-20141211
